Song: No Good Deed Shall Go Unpunished (Devotional and Song)
============================================================

I Will Serve With Joy - A Cappella

Instrumental Duet

Male Vocal

Scripture:

"Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of His might. Put on the whole armor of God, that you may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil. For we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this age, against spiritual hosts of wickedness in the heavenly places."
 – Ephesians 6:10-12

Devotional:

Have you ever stepped out to do something good, only to be met with resistance, criticism, or even hostility? It’s a painful reality that good deeds are not always met with appreciation. Sometimes, they invite opposition. But why?

Because we live in a world where good and evil are at war. Every act of kindness is a declaration that darkness will not have the final say. Every moment of compassion is a small victory against the cruelty of this world. And yet, the enemy does not sit idly by.

It can be discouraging when our efforts to help others are misunderstood or rejected. The enemy whispers, 
"Why bother? Just walk away."
 But God calls us to stand firm. He reminds us that we do not battle against people, but against spiritual forces that seek to discourage, divide, and destroy.

Imagine a world where no one showed up to fight evil with good. Where sadness had no answer in joy, sorrow no relief in kindness, and despair no comfort in love. That is what happens when we choose to retreat, when we allow fear or frustration to silence the good that God has placed in our hearts.

But the Spirit calls us forward. 
Step in front of opportunity before it passes you by. Give what you can, even when it’s not easy. Stand strong, even when opposition comes. Do not fear, for God’s strength upholds you.

Yes, good deeds may invite difficulty. But they also invite the presence of God. They bring light where darkness looms. They plant seeds of hope in places of despair. And in the end, they reflect the love of Christ—who faced the ultimate rejection for the greatest act of love.

So today, choose to keep doing good. Choose to keep showing up. Choose to fight darkness with light. And when the enemy whispers that it’s not worth it, let your heart reply: 
"I will not grow weary in doing good, for in due season, I will reap a harvest if I do not give up."
 (Galatians 6:9)

Prayer:

Heavenly Father,
Thank You for calling me to be a light in this world. I confess that at times I feel discouraged when my kindness is met with resistance. But Lord, I know that I am not fighting against people, but against the darkness that seeks to overcome good. Strengthen me to stand firm. Equip me with Your armor so I may continue to do what is right, even when it is difficult. Help me to show love, joy, and mercy, trusting that You are working through every act of kindness. I surrender my fears and frustrations to You, and I ask for the courage to keep walking in Your goodness. In Jesus' name, Amen.

Writing:

We were at a park where many homeless gathered.  We bought burgers and fries from 5 Guys...and were handing them out.  A woman with her daughter and grandchild stepped off the bus...and started arguing with some guys that had some burgers and fries.  She wanted theirs.  I tried to tell her..."We can get you some too"...but that wasn't her interest.  She just wanted to argue, apparently.  I stepped away and said..."No good deed shall go unpunished."  What does that mean?

It is said “No good deed shall go unpunished"

For this is just the way the world works…
...it is what it is

Because for every action there is a counter action…
...the Good deed of Joy brings Sadness
...the Good deed of Happiness brings Sorrow
...the Good deed of Peace brings Turmoil
...the Good deed of Healing brings Woundedness
...the Good deed of Fulfillment brings Emptiness

And so, I commit to do no Good deed…
...to prevent the certain punishment that follows
...thus I am justified for my inaction
...I am not held accountable to Evil
...I am satisfied

And the Spirit dwelling within me touches my soul...and whispers…
...do you expect the actions of Goodness to go unanswered?
...as if Evil will stand still to allow Goodness to prevail?
...that Evil will simply bow down...and be trampled upon?
...that Evil will surrender...simply because a Good deed is done?
...have you not heard there is a war raging between Good and Evil?
...if no one stands against Evil...
...if you don’t show up...
...who will?

...and the light grows dim
...and it vanishes
...and the darkness surrounds me
...and the emptiness engulfs me
...and in the quietness
...I cry out...but there is no answer

In the desolate wasteland of Evil...
...I see Sadness...but there was no Good deed of Joy
...and I see Sorrow...but there was no Good deed of Happiness
...and I see Turmoil...but there was no Good deed of Peace
...and I see Woundedness...but there was no Good deed of Healing
...and I see Emptiness...but there was no Good deed of Fulfillment

And the Spirit dwelling within me touches my soul...and whispers…
...step in front of opportunity, before it passes you by
...don’t walk...but run...into the stadium of Mercy
...simply do what you can
...give Joy as you can
...give Happiness as you can
...give Peace as you can
...give Healing as you can
...give Fulfillment as you can

...and then...stand strong against the shouts of Evil…for they will come...
...do not be afraid
...do not be defeated
...but know the Good deed done today is a blessing of much needed Mercy to a hungry soul

Copyright © 2015 by Skyler Thomas

Song:

Verse 1:

Come, weary hearts, the time is near

The lost still wander, the broken fear

Who will go where mercy calls?

Who will rise and give their all?

Chorus:

I will serve with joy, I will walk in grace,

Though the darkness calls, I will take my place.

For the cross still stands, and His love remains,

I will serve with joy in Jesus' name.

Verse 2:

The poor still hunger, the weak still fall,

Yet love can answer mercy’s call.

Though evil whispers, "Let them be,"

My Savior gave, so I am free.

Chorus:

I will serve with joy, I will walk in grace,

Though the darkness calls, I will take my place.

For the cross still stands, and His love remains,

I will serve with joy in Jesus' name.

Verse 3:

When trials rise and doubts take hold,

I will not fear, my faith is bold.

For Christ endured the weight of sin,

And through His wounds, I rise again.

Bridge:

Do not fear, do not stray,

Love will drive the dark away.

Every kindness breaks the night,

And fills the world with Heaven’s light.

Chorus:

I will serve with joy, I will walk in grace,

Though the darkness calls, I will take my place.

For the cross still stands, and His love remains,

I will serve with joy in Jesus' name.

Outro:

I will serve… I will stand…

Holding fast to His command.

I will love… I will give…

For in Him, true joy will live.

Copyright © 2025 by Skyler Thomas

Ephesians 6:10-12: “Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of His might. Put on the whole armor of God, that you may be able to stand against the (evil strategies) of the devil. For we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this age, against spiritual hosts of wickedness in the heavenly places”

Most people will show sincere gratitude when they know someone cares...